this is the legibility microchannel e
now they about a vintage machine in a
very nice example we have this in for a
rebuild it's quite beautiful with the
deep red this is a 220 machine running
on the transformer as you can see this
beautiful aluminum kettle the plate
large went to bigger than many people
think they are right now I have it up
and running this is the early model
which has two switches one on each side
this switch runs the thousand watt
element which is now long enough
experience and we didn't turn it off the
switch on the other side controls the
300 watt element for your constant
temperature for brewing the pressure is
regulated by there's a small chimney
this is under tap there's a small
chimney in the top with a steel ball
bearing that sits on so you can see when
the Machine roots around the bearing
load state now I've reduced the
temperature to stamp for steaming you
come on to full power until you see see
the the steam vent these this style of
machine with the constant steam off
sometimes they're known for not being
really good for to have a real powerful
steam flaw okay that just a short
demonstration that you have seen you
have to get really a lot of power going
the Machine up and with full steam to
get the ball it's a spring piston and
interestingly enough it has an
adjustable format that you can I'm back
to low power that you can adjust the
size of the shot by adjusting the length
of this first nut right now I have it
set so the bottom of the piston is right
at the bottom of the cylinder has it as
a cylinder sleeve which inserts in the
bottom and has the old-style
dispersion screen which attaches the
small nuts and so there's you can't up
dose on a machine very much the VuPoint
port through the front shows the water
level the basically where the basket
it's 51 millimeter as that one sort of
our temperature is up lock in and locks
him straight to the front and you can
see my cups is that when you first come
down get all the way to the bottom and
hold now the pressure of the boiler is
in continuity with the cylinder all the
way through the coffee basket and will
hold it for a while or pre-infusion it
is infusing a pressure
come off it has it as a classic of every
movement on the piston spring is very
strong on these machines and once you
you adequately handle your temperature
profiling on then they make an excellent
top of a spread off that is the
microchip